applications: machine_learning: Fix SMP OTA DFU issues (#8)
jfischer-no/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

-----------------------------------

* Updated the machine learning models (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EDGE_IMPULSE_URI`) used by the application to ensure compatibility with the new Zephyr version.

> * Simplified the nRF53 Development Kit over-the-air (OTA) device firmware update (DFU) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Simplified the over-the-air (OTA) device firmware update (DFU) configuration of nRF53 DK .
```
